now this is something I wanted to have a
look at for a little while this is the
logitech wireless gaming mouse g700 now
I actually had a g7 for a number of
years quite enjoyed that Mouse I mean
you know what let's face it it was
really good for the time but once I
upgraded to a to a more faster better
wired mouse I did notice the leg that I
had been living with all that time now I
don't know if the g7 hundred people I
don't know yet if the G 700 fixes that
but we can definitely have a look at
what is in the box and what features
make this particular Mouse interesting
so why do we look at the tracking first
so the resolution is two hundred two
fifty seven hundred dpi the image
processing is 12 megapixels per second
with max acceleration of 30 G's and then
max speed of up to 165 inches per second
look at that alright responsiveness up
to 1,000 reports per second which is
good it's about the fastest it goes
dynamic coefficient of friction look at
that that's that on it and a static
coefficient of friction okay
the durability eight million clicks and
the feet can go 250 kilometers tested on
most popular gaming with pet services
cool cool ok 13 precisely placed fully
programmable controls epic really ok let
the record show it actually has the word
epic on the package so this thing better
be
epically comfortable gaming grade
Wireless powerful control that gets you
deep into your game there's a little
wireless receiver which is a big
improvement over the clunky base station
with battery charger that the g7 had 13
programmable controls with macro
capability natural support of shape ball
speed wireless plug and forget nano
receiver whoops I'm not even focused on
the right language here rechargeable
data over cable ok gaming grade laser
dual mold scroll wheel smooth gliding
feet on Romero dual mob scroll wheel is
actually a cool feature and it has an
LED display look at that alright so
have a look yet the packaging itself
Logitech products can sometimes be a bit
of a challenge to unbox so hopefully
this is not the case today as I'm not
really up for an unboxing challenge I'd
rather just cheek sound simple and have
a look at the product right now okay
that's not too challenging so far oh
hold on let me get challenging and it
all sort of like fell apart now awesome
okay so the first thing we find here is
a oh it's okay so it's aus sorry my
angles a little off here it's a USB
extension cable for the micro receiver
okay
neato so they I think they're
recommending that you only really use it
for the micro receiver right there next
we have important information as well as
getting started guy
next we have look at that okay so it
looks like you can turn it into a corded
Mouse that's what this looks like to me
that's a USB cable and then that's the
receiver you know what we're gonna have
to have a look at the mouse to figure
out exactly how all of that works okay
I'm suspicious but it's complicated at
this point though here's the micro
receiver so it's quite small my hand per
scale g-series Dodger tech looks like
that
there's your part number and here is the
epically comfortable so they say that is
actually quite nice quite nice indeed
the epically comfortable g700 so it
looks like there's a and are those any
loops Satana loop battery nice well
played Logitech and the loops are my
personal favourite in fact I will do a
short demonstration of how Anna loops
are indeed my favourite batteries here's
a cat unrelated to n loops
okay so there's my eneloop charger on
the wall okay and here are extra and
loops in fact in my camera I have more
in a loop okay there's my g7 bevels okay
that wasn't a very good demo but I
actually have a lot of envelopes I think
most of them are at work right now cuz
that's where I use most of them when I
whenever I'm swapping batteries for my
camera okay so we're back let's have a
look at the g700 mess and I get
distracted anyway and lose batteries
well played Logitech I approve I love in
loops they're great they last a long
time and they come charged which means
your g700 Mouse can likely and I mean
like pretty darn likely be used out of
the box maybe not because it was flipped
to the on switch so it's possible it's
been draining in the packaging
okay well it are you great no no it
probably hasn't because it has this
little uh yeah it's being blocked here
so it's not making contact okay so yes
it is charged and ready for use
cool Wireless products that are charged
and ready for use love it okay let's
have a look at the macro buttons so
first let's show that epic comfort so
you can see the palm sits right here you
curve your fingers over the mouse there
they are on the buttons and your thumb
goes right there actually it's more like
about like this but it really does mold
right to your hand that's really nice so
there's four
programmable macro G buttons on the side
here one two three four okay there's
three next to your index finger here one
two three very conveniently reachable
very ergonomic you can see they're
actually curved in shape so that when
your finger sits here you can push
forward for this one push back for this
one
or push a little bit further back for
this guy so they can all be reached
quite easily two more here ah-ha that
one is for the scroll wheel so that's
the dual AMOLED scroll wheel with I
there's a click eNOS or the flywheel
okay here is another G button so that's
not a debugger
like a GE okay you've got your left and
right click got your clicky on your
scroll wheel and then that pretty much
does it for buttons here's the slippy
pads on the bottom on/off switch gaming
laser the other side is fairly fairly
bare but a whole lot going on there here
is where that that charging wire plugs
into okay so you you can use it while
you're charging it or you can just leave
it leave a charging and then pull it off
when you're ready to use it and then the
micro receiver plugs into that other
cable and just stays plugged in or it
plugs directly into your computer
whichever you prefer for less
interference you're probably gonna want
to plug it into that cable and position
it somewhere with you know line-of-sight
to the G 700 or whatever else this looks
like a dpi indicator right here well
that I can confirm that I can't confirm
that but I'm pretty sure that's what
that's going to be so there it is that
is the G 700 Mouse thank you for
checking out my unboxing on - Texas Josh
talked about the finish on this guy a
little bit so it's got kind of a
rubberized a grippy feel kinda likes of
g9 personally I'm big fan of that
it's very fingerprint resistant so your
mouse isn't gonna look all greasy and
nasty and it's also quite quite nice to
grip onto so it's very easy to hold it
in place however long you happen to be
holding the mouse like this I also like
how I mean this seems like a stupid demo
but when you lift up the mouse it's very
very difficult to drop it so it has a
really really good shape for the hand
there okay don't forget to subscribe -
detectives